We worked a lot on the code to get the available exercises and it was a great practice for that whole
angle of fire and observable thing.
Now of course our app is not just about getting data but also about storing data whenever we complete
or cancel an exercise.
We right now push that onto our local array of exercises here.
This exercise is not the available exercises but the exercises in general and now do is nice but locally
it's not of that much use.
Whenever we relo deep this data will be gone it would be better to store it on fire store and of course
we can do that.
We can't just read data.
We can also store data obviously.
How does this work.
Let's add a new method into service it a private method here at the bottom and I'll name it adds data
to database to make it really clear what this is about in here.
I want to connect to angular fires to work and save my data to it.
So essentially uncancel exercise and complete exercise.
I want to call this method so to do that I will accept an exercise which should be stored which should
follow our exercise model as an input.
And now it will call this method here.
By calling this add data to database and this object is an exercise object the same cancel this as data
database.
This also is a valid exercise object.
Now the code with running exercises so that's fine I want to keep that and now in add data to database
I'll also reach out to this D-B.
So to or inject that angle or fire or reference and reach out to a collection which we didn't even create
yet.
If you connect to a collection which doesn't exist yet it will be created for you automatically.
So this is my collection.
I want to create the finished exercises and that will include both complete that and the canceled ones.
Now I'm connecting to this collection and I will call the add method and store my exercise just like
that.
Now this actually now returns as a promise.
Where we can handle the success case with a Ben walk or catch any arrows we might get.
I'll leave it as it is and simply check the database if it's exceeded.
So let's save this.
And let's find out if it works.
Let's quickly log in again and pick an exercise once they're loaded like crunches.
Start this and let's stop.
Now we don't get an error or which I guess is a good sign.
Hey let's look at our console and let's refresh this page.
You should see a new collection.
The finished exercise is as I said it's created on the fly if you try to access it and it doesn't exist
yet in there we got one document and debt document is exercise.
We finished crunches with the idea of the crunch just as it exists in a whaleboat exercises and all
of the meta data we create it.
So that's pretty cool.
It's just one line of code that stores this on the database.
Now in the next lecture we can actually connect our data table to that data we just stored to also populate
the data table with data coming from our database.